--- USCM CLASSIFIED BRIEFING: OPERATION DEEP SHAFT ---


It is with great pleasure marines that I can announce that we are out of deep space. For once, I do hope you have enjoyed your beauty sleep.

Nonetheless events move forward, and they have escalated significantly in our absence. General Vaughn’s actions have become increasingly hostile, sufficiently so to convince the President to finally agree to my request: convene the Joint Chiefs of Staff and formally summon General Vaughn to explain her actions.

There can be no justification for her disloyalty and so I will be moving for her immediate dismissal, though doing so successfully will need convincing evidence. That is where you come in marines; for the last two weeks we have been trailing one of General Vaughn’s ships - the Bougainville-Class USS Tunku Allang - looking for that crucial piece.

This morning MU/TH/UR received an SOS from a Weyland-Yutani sulfate metal mine called Sonderdatch. It belongs to the independent colony of Grandhi Domes in the GJ1230AB system, less than a day's travel from our current position. MU/TH/UR doesn't have all the details, but it looks like a work-gang setting a second shaft broke through to a gas pocket and caused some kind of collapse. Dozens of miners are unaccounted for and believed to be trapped below. Two marine squads were on site during the incident and have not been heard from since.

Your official mission is to get on station and get everyone out - including our fellow marines. Help them stabilize the mine. If it’s a gas pocket, seal it off. If they need your help reinforcing the structural supports, do it. Save lives and neutralize the threat.

We have another opportunity however; intercepted comms reveal that the USS Tunku Allang sent several coded messages to Sonderdatch before the SOS went out. Those bastards know something. Find out who those messages were to marines and what they were doing in a sulfate metal mine. The Joint Chiefs of Staff meet in under a week. Get me something good.


- Colonel ‘Mac’ Hanrahan


