--- USCM CLASSIFIED BRIEFING: OPERATION OCTOPUS GARDEN ---


Marines, I have good news, I have bad news, and I have truly ugly news. Nonetheless, I first want to thank you for your outstanding service to this point. Though you have not always found success, you have time and time again gone into the most dangerous of situations. Today I will be asking for this one last time.

First, the good news. The bombing of Sonderdatch and the hospital ship Hela amount to nothing less than a war crime; to use unknown and untested biological compounds on injured civilians is unconscionable. The President now fully sees the threat General Vaughn poses and is prepared to support us moving directly against her.

The bad news, however, is that the President’s legal counsel has advised, in no uncertain terms, that General Vaughn’s position is near untouchable. Her operational remit negotiated years ago was extremely broad, and removal requires both judicial and congressional approval. In other words, time and more time. We have neither. The only way to remove her on short notice is by enacting a state of emergency and then having explicit evidence of high treason. Despite your admirable work and my insistence, the legal opinion is that we do not meet that bar.

The ugly news then, is that I have presented a third way to the President which he has accepted. We will launch a direct strike against General Vaughn. We will capture or kill her, locating in the process the evidence needed to enact her removal. If we die or otherwise fail the President will deny all knowledge and publicly side with Vaughn. If we succeed no-one will care about the exact order of events leading up to this moment.

In a curious turn of events General Vaughn’s fleet is currently in orbit above Anesidora Colony. Closer scans reveal she had a base in a small island chain there all along. We can unpick the implications for Operation Go Fish another time. Suit up marines, this may get bloody.

Oh and one last thing marines, I really did get some treats out in deep space. I assure you they will have been worth it.


- Colonel ‘Mac’ Hanrahan


